# 4.11

## 4.11 Release Notes <a href="#release_notes" id="release_notes"></a>

Introducing version 4.11 with a range of exciting updates and improvements. Highlights include a new SMS provider, customizable tab logo (Favicon), beta version of a new Health Monitor Page, News feed (Widgets), and O365 Plug-in enhancements. Upgrade to Version 4.11 today and unlock a world of new possibilities, additional to many user-requests that were addressed during this development cycle. We are confident that the new version will benefit your work and will improve the way you interact with our system, making your journey more efficient, secure, and enjoyable than ever before.

### Highlights <a href="#the_following_topics_were_addressed" id="the_following_topics_were_addressed"></a>

1\) **Smishing** - We have integrated a new SMS provider into our system, offering enhanced reliability and expanded coverage for seamless communication. Include also an option to use a private account (Elite license only).

2\) **Health monitor page beta** - This new feature provides real-time insights into the system's performance and stability by checking more than 60 tests and services.

3\) Widgets menu - We’ve revived the News **Feed service**, enabling you to stay up-to-date with our latest version releases, new content pieces, and events.

4\) **Client** column added to several pages (Campaigns page, Recipients group page, Domains page), allowing you to **easily** filter based on clients or branches

5\) **O365 plugin enhancements**

> Azure user authentication\
> App permissions adjusted to meet data privacy requirements

6\) **Customize tab Logo** - You now have the ability to replace the default tab logo (Favicon) with your own branding. extending our **whitelabeling** capabilities.

7\) Reset password page design - reflects **password policy** requirements to users

8\) Group default language - **set a default language** for a group in a single place

9\) Different sender name & email address per language for better campaign localization

10\) Performance and stability improvements

11\) General & UI bug fixes
