# 4.14

## 4.14 Release Notes <a href="#release_notes" id="release_notes"></a>

#### January 2024

Enhance your organization's security posture with version 4.14!

Presenting cutting-edge attack scenarios that now offer an embedded QR code, recurring completion reminders which optimize employee awareness efforts, a scheduled server update mechanism, and automatic security and hotfixes updates. In addition, Version 4.14 offers you smart finished campaigns storage management, and schedule plan options.

### Highlights <a href="#the_following_topics_were_addressed" id="the_following_topics_were_addressed"></a>

1\) [Simulate and test your employees' awareness with our brand new attack type, dedicated QR code.](../../guides/attack-simulations/attack-types/qr-codes.md)

2\) Several users did not complete the training on time? No problem, just send them recurring reminders, till they will finish the training.

3\) [Storage management improvements, that allows you to manually or automatically, archive and store campaigns in order to save storage space, without affecting collected statistics.](../../application-screens-reference/settings/advanced-system-settings/advanced-settings.md#smart-storage)

4\) [Set a scheduled server update, in order to get the latest version without interrupting your daily routine.](../../application-screens-reference/support/update.md)

5\) Get relaxed and set your server to automatically get security patches and hotfixes. In addition, while it is not recommended, there is an option to [Opt-out](../../application-screens-reference/settings/advanced-system-settings/advanced-settings.md#auto-updates) security updates.

6\) Campaign schedule plan updates:

* [Take a break and let your server follow your AD automatically and update bounded campaign recipients, including already scheduled sending plans.](../../application-screens-reference/settings/common-system-settings/azure-ad-settings.md#importing)
* Update campaign schedule plan directly when creating a new rule
* Bound campaign end date automatically to rule finish date

7\) Change your preferred language settings from your user preferences page, each time that you will log-in the system will automatically change its language to your selection

8\) Security updates

9\) Performance, stability and security improvements

10\) General & UI bug fixes
