# 5.1

## 5.1 Release Notes

#### August 2024

We are excited to announce the release of Lucy version 5.1!

This update brings improvements to the Statistics Dashboard, empowering administrators to export detailed executive reports. These reports offer insights for benchmarking Awareness programs across various categories, including Campaigns, Departments, Groups, Branches, and Locations.

### [Statistics Dashboard Enhancements](../application-screens-reference/statistics-dashboard.md)

* **Group Filter Options:** Now you can filter attack and awareness campaigns, grouping results by Campaigns, Departments, Groups, Branches, and Locations for more precise analysis.
* **Exported Data Inclusion Options:** Customize your exports by selecting specific data sets, such as Phishing or Awareness, and choose how to display the data—whether as percentages, absolute numbers, or both.
* **Branding and Customization:** Easily upload your organization's branding and choose from a variety of colors to personalize your reports.
* **Language Support:** Generate reports in multiple languages to cater to your diverse audience and stakeholders.

### Additional Enhancements

* [Report Template 3.0](../application-screens-reference/templates/report-templates.md): Now fully editable, allowing you to incorporate your specific text or leverage the pre-translated report templates.
* Favorite Templates: Star and quickly access your favorite templates, streamlining your workflow and saving time.
* [New Attack and Awareness Edit Page](../application-screens-reference/templates/): We've redesigned the template creation process to be more intuitive and efficient, enhancing the overall user experience.
* [Azure API Permission Update](../application-screens-reference/settings/common-system-settings/azure-applications.md): We've enhanced security and compliance, by implementing the least privileged API permissions.
* [Campaign Template Reminder Settings](../application-screens-reference/campaigns/campaign-settings/advanced-settings/reminders.md): Reminder settings are now included when saving a campaign as a template.
* Performance, stability, and security improvements
* General UI & bug fixes
